Alex:
Goal -Improving conversations and code reviews on github
How has this played out this module? In what ways did you improve?
Leading a Spike -Web Scraper
What was the process for undertaking leading a spike on an (seemingly) unfamiliar topic?


Ashley:
Self Assessment ?
A: End-of-Module Assessment: X
B: Individual Work & Projects: X
C: Group Work & Projects: X
D: Professional Skills: X
E: Feedback & Community Participation: X

How do you think you did with life balance as stated in your goals?

Charlotte:
Your team loved you as PM on Cloney Island.
I learned a lot about patience from working with my team on Cloney Island.
What were some of your take aways?
Turing Lab -
Tell us about something you learned through your research?

 Dan:
 Goal: Take risks
 What are some of the risks you took this mod? What did you learn? What was something that was specifically challenging?

 Eric:
 Goal:
 I've shadowed at four companies and feel ready to start my applications.
 Where have you shadowed and what did you learn from this?
 Spike on Bash
 What was the process of planning for this?

 Jonathan:
 Team Dynamics:
 Interesting reflection on group dynamics in Cloney. What did you learn from this? How will this help in the future?
 Spike:
 It would be great for you to take on leading a Spike in M4. Large group
 speaking gets easier with practice? Any thoughts on what topic you'd like to cover?

Max:
The speed and confidence that testing allows is a game-changer; but I also learned that it's best used coupled with the rails server (essentially a REPL).
I attended every guest speaker. - Which was your favorite and why?
Taking on Armstrong Posse next Mod. What are your goals? Where do you see this being a challenge?

Spencer:
In addition, the relational focus at Turing benefited my learning immensely, as I discovered that I often have the highest retention when I am either reinforcing my understanding via teaching a cohort, or observing/learning from my cohorts
Appreciate your dedication to the community through Turing Labs and Gear Up, Wrap Up.
